perf(cosmos): strip unused fields when constructing PartitionKeyRange from ObjectNode (#49513)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Other Changes

> #### Other Changes

Author: 🟡 **Recommendation — Formatting: Duplicate `#### Other Changes` header**

[Already posted by @Copilot — Unresolved]

Reinforcing: The PR inserts a second `#### Other Changes` header (line 13) directly below the existing empty one (line 11). The bullet should be placed under the existing header, and the duplicate removed. @xinlian12 also suggested shorter CHANGELOG text — consider both fixes together.

⚠️ AI-generated review — may be incorrect. Agree? → resolve the conversation. Disagree? → reply with your reasoning.

> * Reduced memory footprint of deserialized `PartitionKeyRange` instances by stripping unused fields in the `PartitionKeyRange(ObjectNode)` constructor — the universal funnel for every partition key range the SDK deserializes from a service response (FeedResponse pages, change feed, etc.). The dropped fields (`_rid`, `_etag`, `ridPrefix`, `_self`, `ownedArchivalPKRangeIds`, `_ts`, `lsn`) match the explicit deny-list from the equivalent [Python optimization](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/46297) so the cross-SDK choice stays aligned. All other fields (including ones not currently consumed by the Java SDK such as `throughputFraction`, `status`, `_lsn`, plus any future server-added field) pass through unchanged. Per-client routing-map heap reduction scales as `O(clients × collections × pkRanges)` and is material for accounts with many physical partitions.

Author: ```suggestion
* Reduced memory footprint of deserialized `PartitionKeyRange` instances by stripping unused fields in the `PartitionKeyRange(ObjectNode)` constructor - See PR[49513](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/49513).
```
